>> It's my privilege, Conscious
Life Expo 2020, Daniel Estulin.
Daniel, thank you
so much, my friend.
Knock it out.
And I got my autographed book.
>> Good afternoon.
Thank you so much for coming.
It's wonderful to be
at Conscious Life.
It's my first time.
Very much enjoying
what I've seen so far.
And again, very grateful
to Gaia and the Conscious
Life Expo for the
invitation to this event.
I've been following it for
many, many years at a distance,
obviously, but now
I'm participating,
so I'm very glad
that you're here.
I am a doctor of
conceptual intelligence.
What that means is that I'm
not a conspiracy theorist.
I'm not a coincidence theorist.
What we're going to
do is we're going
to deconstruct a lot of
these conspiracy theories
out there, such as four
old geezers sitting
in a dark room, holding hands,
staring at a crystal ball,
planning the world domination.
That kind of stuff
doesn't exist.
If you kind of go online
news, there's-- again,
because I don't follow
conspiracy theories,
I kind of wanted to see how
these global conspiracies--
the Illuminati, the Vatican,
the Jews, the Masons--
how all this stuff
fits into what
they understand the
world global order.
And you kind of go
online, you go on Google,
and you see these
really funny pyramids.
And you have the Illuminati
and the all seeing eye,
and then you have the Jews,
the 13 families, the blood
families, the blood lines.
The world is a very
complex place, and--
I didn't say anything
for have these people
wildly applaud me yet.
So to think that the--
again, a small group of
people control the world,
or that the Bill Gates's of
this world, the Warren Buffetts,
the Jeff Bezos's, the
alleged billionaires who
are on the top "Forbes"
100, 550 most powerful,
"allegedly," in
quotes, individuals
who run the planet, it's kind
of silly, because what I do--
my objective in today's
conference, more than anything
else, is to look at
things conceptually,
because, again, I'm a doctor of
conceptual intelligence, which
means that we design models
that explain mathematically,
scientifically,
politically, economically,
socially, sequo-historically
the global structures,
the constructs that go
a generation or even
the times two
generations in advance.
So this is what I want to do.
I want to focus on
the conceptual element
of global control
and kind of help
you understand why
we are where we
are at this very
difficult point in time.
I had mentioned yesterday in
a roundtable with George Noory
that what we're seeing today
was actually something similar--
not like this, but
something similar--
it's only happened twice
over the past 2,000 years,
once between the fourth
and sixth century
when the global-- the old order,
the Roman Empire collapsed.
And you had the
rise of feudalism.
Of course, it collapsed in
476, although the empire really
collapsed and 550 when the
technology stopped working.
By technology, I mean the
viaducts and the water.
And the second time between
the 16th and the 17th century,
where the order itself survived
because it was a vertical order
instead of horizontal.
It was between the
fourth and sixth century,
but that was the change
from the feudalist system
to the capitalist system today.
So what I want to do is I
want to give a very, very
brief overview from the
economic point of view
and help you understand the
kinds of numbers we're looking
at and why we are where we are.
Global bubble is
about $4 quadrillion.
In case you're wondering
what that number
is, that's 4 and 15 zeros.
There is absolutely
no way you can
print enough money to actually
write that amount of money off.
The global debt
is $235 trillion,
or 325% of global GDP.
Debt in the United States
is $22-- or what is it,
$23 trillion dollars right now?
The European banks are
leveraged at 33 to 1,
which means that the minimal
variation in percentage
will cause a global collapse.
In Europe, five countries--
England, France, Germany,
Spain, and Italy--
have debts of over $1 trillion.
In Italy, 114 out of the
top 500 banks are bankrupt.
In Germany, Deutsche
Bank and Commerzbank--
these are the two
biggest banks in Germany.
They have lost 90% of their
value in the stock market.
China's debt is 250
now higher of GDP.
In the United States, you
have 100 million people out
of work in the United States.
I don't know if you know this.
If you don't, again, go online.
Just Google it.
100 million people out
of work, and 50 million
survive thanks to coupons
in the United States.
The misery index, which is
a very important index--
it's a CIA index.
It's one of the few
that I really follow.
It's the real unemployment
and real inflation,
and that's at 32.89.
Just to give you an
idea as a comparison,
during the Great Depression--
the darkest, deepest point
of the Great Depression--
it was at 27,
so we've gone beyond that.
The Federal Reserve has
$56 billion in cash,
and $23 in debt.
The Fed is leveraged at 87 to 1.
Now, when we're
talking about leverage,
the global average is about 3%.
The way it works is
that the US banks--
they must have a
certain capital.
I don't know if you
understand how--
what the whole point
of leverage is--
is it's a ratio of how much cash
you have to the amount of debt
you have.
So for every dollar in cash
that the bank holds in reserve,
the bank can lend about 25,
which means it's 4% leverage--
1 in 25.
The Federal Reserve is
leveraged at 87 to 1,
which means the-- it's
hopelessly, absolutely,
hopelessly bankrupt.
We have come to this point
economically for a very simple
reason.
If you look at the global
economy over the last 120, 130,
150 years, we've--
in the 19th century, we've had
four different economic models.
We had the British economic
model in the 1840s.
Then you have the Prussian,
or the German after war
with France in
1870, the American
at the end of the 19th century,
and the Japanese in 1904, 1905
after the war with
czarist Russia, which
was really a continuation of
the Meiji model back in 1868.
And then at the end
of World War II,
these four models became two.
We had capitalist West
and socialist Soviet Union
and the satellites.
And these two models-- they
coexisted fairly well between
1944--
that's Bretton Woods in 1991.
In certain aspects,
the West was better,
and in other aspects,
especially social and welfare,
the Soviet-- the satellite--
the socialist countries
were better.
Demographically, they
were very similar,
because the Soviet Union
at the time had 300--
a little bit over--
million people.
And the United States, 220.
But more or less, it was an
evenly leveraged models--
the Western capitalist
and the Soviet Socialist.
Then in 1991, these two
models merged into one.
Why?
The Soviet Union
collapse goes way
beyond the scope of
this presentation,
but suffice to say that,
when these two models merged
into one global model, the
economic global model became
known as the liberal
banking financier model.
As we have one blue sky
over the entire planet,
it doesn't matter whether
United States and Australia--
is that the same thing with the
liberal banking financier, Wall
Street, parasitical model
based on infinite growth
on a finite planet.
And that lasted between 1981
with the collapse of the Soviet
Union up until
about the year 2008,
when we had the Lehman Brothers
collapse, or the subprime,
as they call it, which
really wasn't subprime.
It was the collapse of
the global economic model.
And this collapse almost brought
the entire world economy down.
We were able to stave
off the global collapse
as a result of a lot of
financial shenanigans
by all the central banks
in the world, et cetera.
So instead of taking
advantage of the 2008
global financial
collapse to not only
stave of the future
collapse, but actually
to save the system, the
bankers went 70% more in debt.
And what basically we have
today is the very last stage
of this global systemic
financial collapse, something
which is absolutely unavoidable.
And so what we're
looking at right now--
and it doesn't matter whether
you're living in the United
States, or you're
living in Canada,
or you're living
in South America.
Anywhere you point
on the global map--
the entire world is in
a state of collapse.
If you discount Africa,
which itself-- there's
54 countries in Africa, and 33
of them are at war with itself,
some with terrorists, other with
each other, regional conflicts,
et cetera.
Globally, there is 48
additional conflicts,
whether we're talking about
the United States, which
is a country totally
divided on itself--
you can't say it's a
homogeneous country, because you
know very well that it is not.
In Canada, you have
Western provinces
want to secede from the union.
They don't want to
be part of Canada.
Mexico is at war with
the narco cartels.
Latin America--
where do we start?
Colombia, where 3/4
of the population
is up in arms against
the president, who
is a product of the
International Monetary Fund.
In Ecuador, they're burning
half of the country down.
Peru, if you go down the coast,
they don't have a president.
They don't have a government.
Chile-- they've already
burned half the country down.
Bolivia just had a coup
d'etat, the way they got rid
of the legitimate president.
They put somebody else in
their place who is right--
extreme right wing dictator--
Nazi dictatorship.
Now, in Argentina, they
just flipped the government.
In Uruguay, they just
flipped the government.
Venezuela-- well, what can
you say about Venezuela?
Let's cross the Atlantic.
We have England with Brexit.
We have France with
the yellow jackets.
They've been up in arms
for 66, 67 straight weeks--
out on the streets every
Saturday for the past 67 weeks.
That's a year and three
months out of the street.
Germany is-- you have the
rise of the extreme right wing
parties.
In Italy, half of
the country also
wants to secede from the union.
In Spain, you have the Catalan
and new Basque separatists
who wanted to create
their own country.
They're not really
part of Spain anymore.
The Nordic countries--
they're all
run by socialist
democratic parties,
and the problem with
these countries is they've
been overrun by
third world refugees.
Russia-- let's not go--
even go into that.
They just got-- Putin just
got rid of the government.
China-- well, we have
coronavirus in China.
Then we'll go to
the Middle East.
You have Israel.
You have Syria.
You have Libya.
You have Iran.
You have Iraq.
You have Afghanistan.
You have Sri Lanka.
You have Yemen.
You have Saudi Arabia, Pakistan.
And then we have
Australia, which
is halfway-- it is being
burnt down to the ground.
So the point is that-- why
all this stuff is happening--
is God punishing us
because we're so bad?
Well, I don't know.
Maybe.
But the point is that
we have to understand--
you have to understand that
what we're seeing right now
is an absolutely inevitable
conclusion to a very
long economic model, which
is now on its deathbed.
And the problem we
have today globally--
and globally I mean anywhere
on the planet-- because again,
the people--
whether it is before--
as I said before,
if-- between '44 and 1991,
you had two economic models.
They had their own--
its own language,
its own way of
understanding economy,
social justice, et
cetera, et cetera.
In 1991, these two
models merged into one
global financial
model, and that model
became known as liberal
banking financier,
Wall Street, parasitical model.
And if you look
kind of at who runs
all of the countries
in the world,
these are the same people.
It's not a question
of whether it's
the liberals or the
conservatives in Canada,
the Republicans
or the Democrats,
because, again, look
at the United States.
I live in Canada.
We have the same
problems you have here,
as every other country has
everywhere else in the world,
because they're all
run by the same money,
and that's very
important to understand.
There is absolutely no
difference between Republican
and Democratic Party.
The only difference is abortion,
how they understand that.
Everything else is
exactly the same.
But people who run these parties
globally are the same people.
It's part of the liberal
banking financier order,
and what you're seeing
on the world stage today
is the fight to the death for
the control of the only thing
that all these elites globally
have tried to control,
and I don't care if we're
talking about ancient Egypt
or talking about Western and
Eastern Byzantine Empire.
It's the emission center--
to speak in the
parlance of slang,
it's a little machine
that prints money.
The Federal Reserve does.
They do that in the
Bank of England.
They do that in
Europe, et cetera.
But that mechanism--
the control mechanism,
the emission center no
longer provides the benefits
as it did before.
So the problem right
now is they need
to come up with an
alternative economic model,
and there is no language
to describe that model,
because the entire world--
since 1944, the Western, and
since 1991, the entire world--
is speaking the same
language, and that language
is of liberal
banking financiers.
And that language is
devoid of any content.
So whether we're talking
about the government,
whether we're talking
about the bureaucracy,
about the intelligence
apparatus, the think tanks,
the foundations, Wharton
School of Business, London
School of Economics,
I don't care where you are.
That language is
on its deathbed,
because the model
is on its deathbed.
So you can't solve
global problems
using the language
that's no longer valid,
and you don't have
a language-- you
meaning the world,
especially Western world.
You don't have the language,
because you've been speaking
the language which now dead.
They need to decide what
this world post-crisis is
going to look like.
They need for the winners of
this global conflict-- what
there is again-- and
at the end of World War
II, the great powers, the United
States, England, and the Soviet
Union-- they sat down to decide
what this world will look
like post-war to decide
political boundaries,
economic conditions,
et cetera, et cetera.
The same thing needs
to be done right now.
The only problem is, whereas
before these countries won
the war against other nations--
whether it's Spain, whether it's
Germany, whether it's Japan--
today what you're looking
at-- it's a massless image.
It's not a country that
the world is fighting.
It's a liberal, global,
financial order.
And so it needs
to be decided who
is going to sit at this
proverbial round table,
because again, if you
look at the winners, who
are the winners?
Well, Russia is obviously
one of the winners,
and Putin is going
to represent Russia.
Think of a roundtable.
And then China is going
to have their president,
and that's Premier Xi Jinping.
India, as one of the biggest
countries in the world with
almost 2 billion
people-- they say 1.3,
but I'm sure it's a lot
more than 1.3 billion--
with two billion people.
And then the United States is
also going to sit at the table.
The question is, who is going
to represent the United States?
Who is going to
sit in that chair?
Are you going to
say United States?
Who is going to sit there?
Allegedly, the President
of the United States,
except the President
of United States
is not in control of
the United States.
I mean, had he been in
control, impeachment
wouldn't have happened.
They didn't impeach
him, but the point
is there is a war of
attrition in America,
as is in every other
country in the world,
for control of the dialectic.
And so, before somebody
sits in that chair,
they need to decide who is going
to represent the United States.
That's one aspect to it.
Another aspect of it--
and I'll talk about it.
We have lots of time
as we delve into some
of the other aspects
of global, financial,
or political order in the
world of post-crisis--
is you have to understand
that, when you're talking what
control, most people
understand it as countries
or special interests.
And by special interests, we're
talking about George Soros.
If I said you, so who are
the powerful billionaires who
control--
people would say George
Soros, or Jeff Bezos,
or Bill Gates, Warren Buffett.
And I'd ask you,
well, why do you
think that these people actually
have any control whatsoever?
You'd say, well,
because they are
very rich and very powerful.
Kim Kardashian has
a lot of money.
Does that mean she is
very powerful, as well?
I know it sounds like a
really stupid question,
and I'm being obviously cynical.
But the point is that power
and wealth are two very,
very different things.
People understand
power as somebody
who has a lot of money.
That's not the case.
Money is money, and when--
again, when we think of money,
and you think of "Forbes" and
the top 500 names, or whatever,
100 names on the "Forbes" list,
you have to understand that
"Forbes"-- they made their money
in the drug trade back with
the clipper ships in China.
Did you know that?
They did.
If you look at the history
of the Forbes family,
they made all their money
with the clipper ships--
that instead of one shipment,
they were able to do two.
So they became insanely
rich in the opium trade.
And all the wealthy
American families--
the Lodges, et
cetera, et cetera--
they all their money in the
same thing-- the Harrimans.
So but again, when
you think of wealth,
people tend to think what?
The Rockefellers-- you
say, who is wealthy?
The Rockefellers.
Or somebody is going to say,
no, man, it's the Rothschilds.
It's an all seeing eye,
the Masonic pyramid.
They control that thing.
But again, how long have the
Rockefellers been around?
They've been around
for 150 years, right?
That's not very long from
a historical point of view.
The Rothschilds-- they've
been around for 250 years.
They have a lot more wealth,
but there is another family--
for example, the Baruchs.
Have you ever heard of them?
They've been around
since the fifth century.
Now, they're the founders
of Standard Chartered Bank.
If any of you are
from England or you
like football, European soccer,
then on Liverpool t-shirts
it says Standard Chartered Bank.
It was founded in 1613,
about literally to the day
that the Romanov dynasty
ascended to the throne
in Russia, except that
the Romanovs were killed
300 years later,
and the Baruchs just
celebrated their
400th anniversary.
And they go back to
the fifth century.
And their wealth is not
measured in millions of dollars
and billions of dollars.
It's measured in hundreds
of trillions of dollars,
and that's the real wealth.
So it's very-- again,
money like silence--
have you ever heard that phrase?
I lived in
Switzerland, and anyone
who has ever been to
Switzerland understands
that very, very well.
People have a lot of money.
They don't show.
It's not an ostentatious thing.
It's like a football player
who wears a $100,000 watch.
Well, they may
wear a $15 swatch,
but they've got $40, $50
trillion in the bank,
and you would never know it.
That's the real money.
So when you're talking about,
again, wealthy families, you
have to-- again, this
is the kind of stuff,
if you're interested--
and one of the things
I like about the
Conscious Life Expo
is a chance to learn, and
understand how things work,
and try to put it
together in perspective.
So if you're really
interested in understanding
not superficially, not to
just say a couple of names
and impress your
friends, but to really
understand how power
structures work,
start deconstructing
all these all
seeing eye triangles you
see on the internet--
that the CIA is there at
the top of the pyramid
with the Illuminati,
et cetera, et
cetera, because the global
structure is a very, very
different thing.
And again, when we're
talking about power,
power isn't measured
in hundreds of years.
You can go back-- the same,
for example-- the people who
ran Egypt back 2,500
or 3,000 years ago--
they weren't the pharaohs.
They were the high priests, and
those high priests-- today they
live in Switzerland,
which is why Switzerland
is an untouchable territory.
You can't do anything to it.
It's one of the getaways
for the global elites.
It's understood these are
the rules of the game,
and the rules of the game
is a very important part
of how the elite play the game.
There are certain things you can
do, certain things you can't.
The elite are untouchable.
And when I say the elite, I'm
not talking about Jeff Bezos.
I'm not talking about what's
his name, Bill Gates, or Warren
Buffett.
I'm not talking
about these people.
The elite is not
personal wealth.
It's called fondi.
It's an Italian word, and
fondi is a family fund.
It's when you pool
your money together.
And so when you look at
the fondis, for example,
the Rothschilds--
their real wealth,
not this imaginary
"Forbes" top 500 wealth--
is about $3.2 trillion.
The Rockefellers have
about $2.8 trillion.
The Baruchs have
infinitely more money,
and there are families that
you've never even heard
of-- the Bardis, the Paruzis,
the Dorias, the [INAUDIBLE],,
Italian old Venetian
black nobility
of families whose wealth goes
back about 800, 900 years.
There was a study done
not too long ago--
I think about six or seven years
ago by a British investigator.
I think he was Australian, or--
I think it was Australian.
And what they've discovered is
they traced British wealth back
to about 1076, and
when they found out
that 1% has owned 63% of wealth
for the past 1,000 years.
That's wealth.
Now, you're not
going to read this
in the cover of "Time"
magazine, or "The Economist,"
or "Wall Street Journal,"
"The New York Times."
You're not going to see
a Twitter feed dealing
with this money like
silence, but this
is-- when you're
talking about power,
this is the kind of
power that you really
have to understand is
actually what runs the world,
not the piddly little stuff
that we're talking about.
So again, when we're
talking about power,
think of it as an
inverted triangle.
Talking about wealth, the
bottom part of the triangle,
this is the money that
goes back over 500 years.
And again, if you're
really interested,
you can look at the heraldry.
Look at the family
history of some
of these old Italian
dynasties going back
to the Venetian black nobility,
going back to the period
before the Black
Plague, going back
to the period of
Charlemagne in the 800s.
You have to understand
that this has wealth.
For the same reason, again,
you say, well, Princess Diana--
she married into--
she didn't marry into.
It's the Windsors who
married into her family,
because the Stuarts,
the Spencers-- they're
the direct descendants of the
Merovingian dynasty, which
is the Benjamin, which is one
of the 12 tribes of Israel.
And if you saw "The
Da Vinci Code,"
if you remember when they
talked about the Jesus Christ
bloodline, well, these
are the Merovingians.
So again, when we're
talking about wealth,
the elite speak in the
language of signs and symbols.
Again, I'm a doctor of
conceptual intelligence.
A bit later, I'll explain
to you how that works,
but the point is
that conceptualist
is about governments.
It's about legislatures.
It's about judiciary.
It's understanding
things from there.
It's you're in a
satellite flying
over-- about 200
kilometers overhead,
and you're taking
everything in, and you're
putting it and
building into a model,
because it's important to
understand that everything
works on a model basis.
There is no such thing-- the
easy way out, four old geezers
sitting in a dark
room, holding hands,
staring at a crystal ball,
planning the world's domination
by pressing a button, like
remember in the old Batman
and Robin cartoons
from the 1960s.
It doesn't exist.
It really doesn't exist.
But that said, if
you look a lot--
if you see a lot of
the current films,
like for example James
bond films, when you're
talking about SPECTRE
as an organization,
that's how power
structures work.
And it's not a pyramid, as
much it is a concentric system.
It's like an onion,
where all these think
tanks, organizations, powerful
secret private societies--
they kind of merged like this.
As you start peeling
all that stuff off,
you get to the nitty gritty.
You get to the crux of what
these people really represent.
But again, if you take
an inverted pyramid,
the bottom part, the 0.01%--
these are the people that have
been around at least 500 years.
That's wealth.
The Windsors-- they've
been around for 300 years.
They're not wealthy.
That's not power.
If you're talking about
the proverbial round table,
where the people who've run
the world for the past 2,000
3,000 years--
this is not a conspiracy theory.
If you look at Solomon's plan,
if you look at the Taoists
in China, they've been
pushing their project
for the past 3,000 years.
So if you look at
this proverbial round
table of global power, who is
going to sit at that table?
Bill Gates, not even close.
Now, the only-- for example,
in the history of Russia,
the only family who
would sit at that table
were the [INAUDIBLE].
You may not know who they
are, but they've ruled
Russia for 21 generations.
A generation is 20, 25 years.
Well, just start adding it
up, going back to about 762.
So the point is that--
and then they lost power
to the Romanovs.
The Romanovs were
all killed, and so we
have no representatives
at the round table,
but now paradoxically with
the global economic collapse
we finally have a chance--
Russia has finally a
chance to actually put
their own representative
at this table.
So for example, when you're
talking about-- you say,
oh, Putin is powerful.
He's-- but again, is he really?
What makes him powerful?
Just imagine this.
So you have the Queen of
England, who have been there
for 300 years as a family.
And you have Putin.
And she says, Mr. Putin,
you've done a very good job
for the past 20 years.
You are well respected,
well regarded.
You're a very
powerful politician.
And Putin says, da.
And she says, but
my question is,
are you going to be around
for the next 20 years?
And Putin is almost
70 years old,
so unless he lives to
be 90, which doesn't
mean he's going to be around.
He's probably going to
say, I don't think so.
I may be around for another
four or five years, maybe eight.
But 20?
No.
How about in 100 years?
Are you going to be around
for the next 500 years?
So the point is, again,
it's not individual power,
because power, if you
kind of thing of it,
is an ebb and flow.
It works in a four
generation basis.
So imagine this.
You have your grandfather
came from Sicily to the United
States looking
for a better life.
He worked very hard, put
his kids through college.
His dad had a good job.
His son or his grandson
made something of himself,
became very rich.
And then his grandson--
he passed it off to him,
and then he lost everything.
And we go back to the
same cycle, right?
This is basically how it works.
It's a four generation
cycle, which
is why, if you kind of look
at the Saudi Arabian Bedouins,
you know that this
thing is over for them.
They have absolutely no future.
After this generation,
the next one is gone.
They go back to herding camels.
And when you kind of
look at, again, the power
structures, when you
start understanding things
in these terms--
when people say Hillary Clinton,
or George Soros, or Bill Gates,
have you ever heard
that Bill Gates said--
I don't-- I can't remember when.
He said that, when he dies he'd
like to donate 90% of his money
to some-- have you ever
heard of that, right?
>> Yes.
>> Now, I know most people
say, he's such a generous
individual.
God, I love that man.
He's wonderful.
But again, I was taught--
because I come from
a different world.
I come from the Soviet Union.
And where there's-- the West
has their way of thinking.
Their way of thinking
is abstract thinking.
The Chinese way of thinking
is concrete symbolic,
because it's hieroglyphs.
Our way of thinking is
three partita symmetrical,
which is body, soul, and mind.
So we have a very
different approach
to how we understand and
interpret information.
So when I-- from-- with what
I know after studying these
structures for the
past 25 years--
so when you look
at Bill Gates is
willing to give up
90% of his wealth,
have any of you ever thought
that perhaps the money is not
his to begin with, and
he is just a part time
temporary custodian
of that wealth?
He's just the face of the
people who really run that money
globally, because, again, if
you think how much money there
is out there--
I have-- for example,
I have an extract
from the-- have you ever heard
of the German industrialists
from the 19th century
called the Krupps?
K-R-U-P-P. You have?
Some.
Good.
If you live in Europe,
you take an escalator
or take an elevator, it's
always of Thyssenkrupp.
Thyssen is another
German industrialist.
They have a very famous museum
in Madrid, the Thyssen museum.
So the Krupps were
the first lords
of war, the biggest arms
merchants in the 19th century.
They're one of the key families
that financed and sponsored
Hitler in World War II.
And I have one extract of one
bank account of Baron Krupp.
There's $112 billion.
And I found 3,024 bank accounts.
Now, if I was able to
find 3,024 bank accounts,
I have no doubts whatsoever
it probably has 300,000 bank
accounts, or 30,000, I don't.
Know It would be silly to assume
that I found all of his bank
accounts, which means that,
if in one bank account
there is $112 billion, and
you start adding it up--
I don't care how much money
there is other bank accounts.
Just to give you an
idea, to think back
that the Soros's
and the Buffetts
with their $30, $40, $20,
$50 billion in wealth--
it is funny, and
it is really silly
to think that these
people actually
have any control
over global affairs.
They're faces.
Money loves silence.
And real money-- you will never
see it, because it's old money,
and that's the difference.
What we're seeing
today globally is also
the fight between old money,
which is, again, people
who've had that money
for 1,000 years.
There were no stock markets.
There were no Wall
Street 1,000 years ago.
That money is in land.
That money is in goodwill.
That's their wealth, and they
will never lose that money.
It doesn't matter what
happens to the stock market.
What you do have to understand--
that will the coming collapse,
the people who have all their
billions of dollars in zeros
and ones in the stock market--
as of 1929, they're going
to be broke and bankrupt.
One day, they are billionaires
on a piece of paper,
and the next day, as in
1929, they're helplessly
and hopelessly broke and
living on the street.
And this is exactly
what's going to happen.
So again, you have to understand
this global fight, or conflict,
or confrontation
between not only
the liberal banking
financiers on the one hand
and the industrialists
on the other--
and the difference
is the financiers--
they play with
numbers on a computer.
They don't produce any wealth,
and industrialists actually
produce wealth.
They improve the lives of people
per square kilometer of space
against nature.
It doesn't mean that
they're good guys,
and these are the bad guys.
That's another thing people say.
So this is the good guy.
This is the bad guy.
There's no such thing.
It's like saying, who do you
want to be eaten by, the--
Godzilla or King Kong?
Let's not simplify things.
I know it's much easier just
to straighten the line out.
Let's not simplify things.
Thinking is hard.
Thinking conceptually
is very, very hard.
But if you really want to
understand how things work,
you have to put in the effort.
Drawing some silly you know
three dimensional pyramid
and saying
Illuminati, all seeing
eye, wherever else you can--
it doesn't work like that.
So again, the old money
is 500 years or more.
Second level will be
between 150 and 300 years,
and that will be the Windsors,
the Queen of England,
some of the other
European Royalty,
the Habsburgs, for example--
the Wallenbergs in Sweden,
very powerful family.
Then we're talking about young
money, which is less than 150.
That's the Rockefellers.
You'd say Rockefellers
are very powerful.
Well, powerful when you compare
it to how much money we have.
Yes, they're very powerful.
But globally,
they're not powerful,
because, again,
money is one thing.
Power is another.
What's the difference?
The difference is that,
when you have power,
you can pick up the phone.
And as you're sitting in your
veranda with a drinky poo
in your hand
overlooking a sunset,
you can change a whole
slew of global events
overnight, because
you have power.
You make a phone call, and
all the sequence of events
start taking place, as if
by some weird planetary
universal coincidence.
But it's not.
That's power.
No Rockefeller can ever do that.
Although, yes, between
the 19th and 20th century,
the war has been
between the Rockefellers
and the Rothschilds, but
this is just the surface.
We talk about the Rothschilds
because the people
who really control things--
they're in the shadows.
You can't see them.
And we're not even talking
about the Asian clans.
I mean, China-- that's a
5,000 year old civilization.
It is the epicenter
of the world.
It's not America.
It's China.
They've been around
for 5,000 years.
Do you guys understand
what that means?
And these people are frugal.
They know how to save
their entire history.
It's not written on
a piece of paper.
It's etched in granite,
which is why nothing is ever
lost in China.
And we can talk about
the Middle Eastern--
for example, they
would go to Turkey.
They go to Iran.
I mean, these people--
Sasanian empire--
They've been around
since the sixth,
seventh sanctuaries.
You can talk about the--
red caliphate Sufi
[? Tariqatis ?] in Turkey.
These people have been around
for over 1,000 years, the Sufi
[? Tariqatis. ?] That's wealth.
Nobody ever talks about them.
We always talk
about George Soros.
Why?
Because it's easy.
Yes?
>> Yes.
>> Well, it's easy because
everybody talks about Soros is
doing that, and he's doing
this, and open society.
And again, this
is just one level,
but when you start
looking at other stuff,
the real fight is not
between-- it's not even
between us and them.
Who is them?
The lizard people,
the shape shifters.
I don't know.
I've never seen them.
I work in the realm of
conceptual intelligence, things
that I can touch and prove.
And some things I can't touch,
but because I understand
how things work
conceptually, I can
predict what's going to happen
based on the information
and history.
And history is not
a linear thing.
It became linear in 1582 when
Paul Gregorio-- he made this--
the history into a
linear progression--
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, et cetera.
But the Chinese
history is not linear.
It's a sum of different waves
of different periods of time.
It's the ebbs and flows,
and the Chinese history
is very different
from Western history.
Their language of
history is different.
They understand global concepts
in a very different way.
So to try to impose
Western democracy
on the Chinese way of
thinking is absolutely silly.
It makes no sense whatsoever.
I'm not even going to go into
whether it's good or bad.
It's just-- it's impossible,
because they don't speak
your language, and
you have no idea
what they are, because you
can't read hieroglyphs,
because hieroglyphs
are not letters.
They're visual
representations of reality,
and their reality is very
different from your reality.
So what I'm trying
to say is that,
when you try to understand
and decipher-- again, this--
in the sense it's--
the Conscious Life Expo
is a wonderful platform
to actually discuss all
these different things
from very different
perspectives,
whether you're
talking or portals,
you're talking about UFOs,
you're talking about whatever.
Everybody-- as my
publisher, Chris Milligan,
always says, everyone brings
something to the table.
And between us, we can try
to figure it out, or at least
get a better understanding
of how things work.
So again, and as I said before,
it's not between us and them.
It's between old
money and new money.
And what you're seeing
is this reformatting
of the global economy
away from speculative
into something else.
The old money will
never lose their wealth,
because their wealth is not
in zeros and ones on the stock
market, and the new money--
the Rockefellers, et cetera--
they have no access
to the old money.
They simply can't-- the same
way as we have no access
to the inner sanctum of
the Bilderberg Group,
the Trilateral Commission,
Council on Foreign Relations,
we can't go to the elite schools
in Los Angeles, where the--
the children of the Hollywood
megastars or the producers--
we can't--
they won't accept us, just as
the children of the Hollywood
megastars or Russian oligarchs
cannot go to the elite English
schools, such as
Eton, for example.
It's not a question of money.
Russian oligarchs have
stolen billions of dollars
over the past-- billions.
And as far as cash
is concerned, they're
far wealthier than
the Rockefellers
or the Rothschilds, but
they're the lowest of the low
as far as these
people are concerned,
because they've been around.
Again, it's, I said, the phantom
conversation between Putin
and the Queen of England--
the same thing here.
So Mr. Harikowski, how long
have you been around for?
30 years.
We've been around for 300.
And we've been around for 800.
We don't want your kind
dirtying up our school.
So the point is,
again, the same fight
that you're seeing on
different levels of society,
whether it is
between our children,
the schools they can go
to, or the elite children.
And then there is the
elite within the elite,
the inner sanctum
of these schools,
because the people--
the children who
go to these institutions--
do you guys see Harry Potter
or read Harry Potter?
Tomorrow I'll be talking
about civilizatory canons
in my presentation and
on trance evolution.
Now, the funny thing-- when
you look at Harry Potter,
you have the muggles
and the magles.
What language do they
use for their spells?
Latin, right?
There is a reason
why Latin is used.
I'll explain it tomorrow, but
the point is that the elite--
the kids of the elite-- they
don't go to school to become
a manager at IBM or McDonald's.
They go to the elite schools to
manage and control the world,
to rule the world, which is
a very different perception.
So again, you have the
money, the old money,
500 years more-- you
have the 300, 250,
and then you have the younger
money, 150 to about 80,
and then the last little bit,
last cycle after World War II,
the people who made their
money in stock markets,
and the investments, oil
business, et cetera, et cetera.
And it's also very important
to understand, again,
that there is almost no way that
these levels can be breached.
The people who have run
the world for 1,000 years.
They are the same
people, the same family.
They intermarry.
Again, these are the elites--
the Dorias, the Farneses.
And even, for example, you
look at who wrote James Bond?
Let me ask you this.
>> Ian Fleming.
How many of you know
that Ian Fleming
comes from one of the wealthiest
families in history of England?
Their wealth goes
back about 600 years.
It's not, oh, a writer,
a successful author
of James Bond, who made some
money by selling his books.
No.
The Flemings are one of
the wealthiest family
in the history of England.
They sold a few years back--
you could check it online--
one of their businesses
for $3.2 billion.
You don't do that unless your
money goes way back when.
The same thing with Camerons,
the former prime minister
of England.
This is the guy
that sold England.
He miscalculated, and they were
forced out of Europe, and now
with Brexit--
the Camerons are part
of the Marlborough--
and who are the Marlboroughs?
That's Churchill.
These people go back
also 600, 700 years.
That's wealth.
You're not going to see
it, because they're not
going to advertise it,
but people who know,
they understand.
They have a different
language from the language
that we speak.
It's a language of
signs and symbols, which
is why elite private schools--
they all have uniforms, which
is not-- which is why
you're not allowed to wear
ripped jeans to
school, which is why
everyone has a uniform
with a different color.
And these colors represent
clans in the same way--
if you look in China,
the same thing.
The Chinese clans
are called dragons.
And for example, Xi Jinping,
the current premier,
is not a communist leader.
He is a national
socialist leader.
He's not even Chinese.
He is a direct descendant
of Genghis Khan.
And he belongs to
the yellow dragons.
Who are the yellow dragons?
These are the people who
fought and lost to England
the Opium Wars in the
19th century, which
is why the Rothschilds--
again, go online.
It's all there.
Why did the Rothschilds brought
down to China 30,000 ounces--
sorry, tons of gold--
30,000.
Out of the goodness
of their heart?
Because they want
to help China rise?
Because they're communists
or proto communists?
No.
This is as a reparation
for their transgressions
in the Opium Wars, the
first and second Opium Wars.
Do you understand what I mean?
So this is how
things really work.
So if you want to understand,
it's very important
that we forget linear
thinking, and we
try to think conceptually.
The war between the
Rockefellers and the Rothschilds
is the war between those
who lost the first two world
wars-- the Rockefellers beat
the Rothschilds in the First
and the Second World Wars.
And then in 2012, I don't know
if you saw the Rockefellers--
they handed their positions
because they got out
of the oil business.
Did you see that?
You didn't see that?
Go online and check it out.
The Rockefellers
announced that they're
getting out of the oil
business in 2000-- why?
Because they love environment?
They love Great Thunberg?
No, because they lost.
These are two grandmasters
playing chess,
and in chess, if
you're a grand master,
you don't wait until
you are checkmated.
You play to the point where
you know you're going to lose,
and you hand in your positions.
And so what happened
was the Rockefellers--
they handed over their
positions, and the oils--
they got out of the oil
sector because they lost
to the Rothschilds in 2012.
And what you're
seeing right now--
again, I said earlier
that, on a global level,
the elite families--
they don't kill each other,
or they don't-- top 20, 30,
50 families--
they're untouchable.
Then when you get
out of the top 50,
you get to the top
100 or top 300--
for example, the Kennedys.
Kennedys were killed because
Kennedys-- they're not top 50,
and they're not top 100.
They may be top 300 families.
So Kennedy was
punished, and they've
been punished for
three generations.
I think it should
be patently obvious.
I'm not going to go into
the lone assassin theory.
I don't think we need to.
I think people who come
to these types of forums
understand more
than enough for us
not to need to actually
graphically explain
what had happened.
I'll give you another example.
For many, many
years, the family who
are the top family
in the round table.
The round table-- today's
round table in America
is called Council on
Foreign Relations.
Round table comes
from Cecil Rhodes.
These are the people who founded
Rhodesia, today Zimbabwe.
Rhodesia, Rhodes--
today, Zimbabwe.
This is the direct
representation
of the British empire.
The man who for many, many
years ran the round table
was Baron Caccia.
Now, if you look
at his curriculum,
you see he went to school.
He played cricket,
and he played rugby--
typical boring stuff.
Went to the elite school,
became a diplomat.
But again, when you look at who
these people are historically,
these are the-- some of
the oldest representatives
of the Venetian black nobility.
And Venetian black
nobility-- we're talking
about 12th, 13th century.
So wealth went from
Venice to England,
from England to
the United States
when they took over
the United States.
And now the energy is going
from the West to the East.
And that's why you see the new
Silk Road, the Eurasian union,
because this energy is now
going from the West to the East.
But you can't understand that
unless you look at things
conceptually, and Baron
Caccia-- again, we're
looking at some of the
wealthiest, oldest families.
So a lot of the times, when you
look at a photograph of people,
and you have in the
front row the guy who
was the president of
the United States,
and some other prime minister,
and in the second row,
you have some minister
of foreign affairs.
And in the third row, a guy kind
of silly looking with glasses,
and his kind of
tie is all crooked,
and he's kind of looking over
the shoulders of everybody
else--
that's the guy who runs
everybody in that picture.
Again, I think it
should be obvious.
If you're in the front
row, you're a nobody.
The same goes on Google.
For example, you Google
some of these old families.
There's no information.
It doesn't mean that
they're not important.
It means that they're
very important.
You Google my name, there's
like two million pages.
Am I important?
I am a nobody.
You get somebody
like Jeff Bezos.
It's the same thing.
Like 50 million.
Is he important?
He's a nobody.
Real money, real power has
absolutely no information
out there.
It doesn't mean that
they don't exist.
They don't exist for the
world, but they exist.
And how do they exist?
And again, that's
very important.
You can find the information.
You just have to make sure
you look the right way.
And when you look
at the curricula
and look at the schools
that they went to,
look where they studied,
look at the societies
that they belong to.
Everybody knows about
the Bilderbergs,
again, thanks to my book,
which sold a lot of copies
in many different countries.
And one of the reasons
Bilderberg became so popular
is people forever thought--
they talked about the
Illuminati, and the Jews,
and the Masons, and
the all seeing eye,
but they didn't know how
all this stuff related.
And then in my book on
the Bilderbergs, suddenly
I explain how they
work, who these-- they
are with pictures,
and documents,
and secret information,
which never before came out.
And suddenly
everybody thought, OK,
so Bilderbergers run the
world, but the Bilderberg
is just as the commission--
the Trilateral Commission,
the Council on
Foreign Relations--
they're part and parcel of
the liberal banking financier
order, just as Davos is.
But there are a lot
of other societies
which you've never
even heard of--
the [? Curunati, ?]
the Cincinnatis,
the [? Punai ?] Circle.
There's just so much
stuff out there.
So when you see things like
that, don't skip over it.
Find out.
There is stuff on Google.
You just go and say,
who are these people?
I've never heard of them.
They belong to this society
that's never even heard of,
but they exist.
What do they do?
And then suddenly
you start realizing
that, when you start
drawing this kind of stuff--
conception in the
piece of paper.
Suddenly all these things
start making a lot more sense.
Just as I said before, it's
not a pyramidal structure,
because that would be too easy.
The president-- I cut his
head off or I kill him,
and then the other structure is
headless, which means mindless,
which means there's no control.
There's no dynamic
for the future, which
is why it's not a pyramid.
These are concentric circles.
When you start looking at
these concentric circles,
again you start realizing
that the real power is
a very different thing
from the kind of stuff
that we are used to seeing.
When we're talking
about the global system,
again, now let's
think of a pyramid.
So a pyramid has three parts.
The top part would
be the slave owner.
The middle part
would be the guy who
is actually running the
slaves, and the third part
with the slaves.
If you're talking about
education or knowledge,
it would be the same
triangle, but inversed.
So the bottom, which is
the biggest base-- that's
going to have the biggest
amount of knowledge,
conceptual knowledge, historical
knowledge, full knowledge
of history.
That's going to be
for the people who
are the slave owners.
And then as you go down,
the apex of our triangle--
that's what we know--
we, the people.
And one of the
things -- about --
to make sure the education
system is as bad as it is is
you have to fragment
information,
because the problem
of the dilemma--
it's a catch-22.
I'm a slave owner.
I want you to do a good job,
but for you to do a good job,
you have to know stuff.
But if you know
stuff, you're going
to rebel against me,
because someday you're
going to start asking questions
which I don't want you to ask.
And if you get together
with other countries
with other people in other
regions, be it via internet
or I don't care how, then
suddenly I have a problem,
because I don't have an army.
And there are not many of us--
again, think of Harry Potter.
You have the muggles
and the magles.
The trick is how the
people who run the school
can control a much bigger body--
that if all these
students got together,
they can overpower them, because
there are not many of them.
So this power is elusive.
We have to make sure that
they can never figure it out.
So how do we do this?
We fragment all the information.
It's like kaleidoscopic
information.
We don't give you enough.
We give you a little
bit of everything.
There's just so much stuff out
there, but is that knowledge?
No, it's not.
It's a whole bunch of stuff.
You can play Trivial Pursuit
and be very good at it,
but does that mean
you know something?
You know nothing.
You can't think.
All you do is just
memorize a bunch of numbers
and a bunch of names of
some stupid Hollywood stars
and whoever else out there, and
you answer the stupid question.
Does that make you wise?
No.
Does that make you
think conceptually?
No.
Can you see things?
So why, again, it's very, very
important to understand that,
because of the way it's all
structured, for the elite,
it's very important that they
fragment the information.
And for them to be able to
fragment the information,
they have to make sure that
they control what they show you.
And that's where the
social media comes in.
That's where television-- that's
where cultural shocks come in.
What's the cheapest
way to control
people's understanding of
reality and the World Affairs?
Netflix.
You pay $12--
I don't know what--
what does it cost?
I don't have a TV.
What does it cost in America?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> $14.
Well, I mean, it's like I
can't think of a cheaper way
to brainwash you.
You pay $14, but you pay me
money so I brainwash you.
And you get a million channels.
And you see all kinds of stuff.
You see football, and you see
baseball, and you see history,
and you see all kinds of stuff.
And most of it is
very well done,
except for the key
elements of the information
is not there, which
is how they brush--
brainwash you.
That's how they control the
information you actually
receive.
And if you let me give me an
example of how that would work.
This is called
shapeless control.
Now, when the Soviet Union
fell apart back in 1991,
I mean, we had the biggest armed
forces in the world, the most
powerful military,
and we collapsed
without a shot being fired.
I mean, you could never
destroy a country like Russia
militarily.
It's too big, too strong,
too powerful, too many
nuclear weapons.
It would wipe the entire
world over many times over.
But they did.
How did they do it?
They did it conceptually.
So what happened when the
Soviet Union fell apart.
Well, one of the things that
happened-- the interest rates
went up to 200%, 250%.
So imagine this.
You have a factory, whether
it's nuclear technology,
whether it's machine, because,
again, technologically
speaking, we're the
number one nation--
were-- the Soviet Union,
number one nation in the world.
Now, if you're the factory
owner, and you need money--
and you do, because you
have to make it run.
You're going to go to the
bank, and then they'll
give you interest at
250% interest loan.
So you're going to
say, OK, I'm going
to have to build something,
and I have this 250% interest
rate for one year.
So in one year,
I'm going to have
to build something from
nothing, make it work,
sell it, and give
the money back.
Can I do it?
Absolutely not.
So what am I going to do?
I'm going to take that money
to Turkey, buy leather coats,
bring it back to Russia,
and sell it on the market
at a 300% premium, which
is what is being done.
What does that mean?
It means that the
factories, the technology
collapsed in about three
years between 1991 and 1994.
It collapsed.
We had no technology left.
We went from being the
most technologically
advanced country in the world--
we were the first in space.
Remember that-- to
having nothing at all.
Nothing.
And how was it being done?
Because somebody invaded
the Soviet Union?
No, you can't invade
a country like that.
You destroy it differently.
It's a shapeless control.
I can give you another example.
Back in 1997, Yeltsin, at
the time, was the president.
He put this young reformer
by the name of Kiriyenko
as the prime minister.
He put forth a series of very
risky and, as it turned out,
very negative reforms
for the Russian economy,
and the economy collapsed.
Well, Kiriyenko,
instead of being fired
or being shot in the back
of his head, what he did--
he was given a cushy job by
Council of Foreign Relations,
and now he lives very
well in Australia.
Understand how it works?
You do it through proxies.
It's a shapeless
control of society,
and I talk about it in my book
on the Tavistock Institute.
So when we are
talking about control,
let me show it to
you-- how it works--
with my hand.
We are accustomed to having
the executive branch.
That's the president, or the
prime minister in cabinet.
The legislative-- that's
the Congress, the Senate.
And then the judiciary,
the supreme Court.
But I have five fingers--
I have two of these
fingers, which
we think are not important.
Actually they're
very, very important.
This is the conceptual finger.
What does that mean?
Imagine this.
I come in and I say to you,
hey, let's work together.
Let's make this thing work,
everybody working together
for the betterment of society,
for the concept of common good.
Let's make sure that
everybody is doing well,
that nobody is poor,
and nobody is sick,
and nobody is living
in the street.
That's a good example, right?
That's a good idea.
Everybody says, yeah, wonderful.
What if I am this guy who
says, hey, what I really
want to do is enslave all of
you, take everything you have,
kill all of you, and
control your land,
and your territories,
and your money,
and for it to become mine.
Now, if I said that, people
are probably going to say
we're not going to give it to
you without a fight, right?
So what do I need?
I need Santa Claus,
which is what?
Packaging.
I need to package this.
And a package is conceptual.
They say, people,
morons, let's do this.
We have all these countries
out there who like democracy.
Let's invade Russia.
Let's invade Bolivia.
Let's invade Venezuela.
We have the dictator there--
and use the media to
present the dialectic.
So this is the
conceptual finger,
but then I have another finger.
And this is the
ideological finger.
Have you ever seen statues
of Lenin, and Stalin,
and Mao Zedong?
They're always standing
there with a finger pointing
somewhere, right?
This is the ideology.
We are going there.
This is the road map.
And I design from
a conceptual point
of view an ideology of
a party, and it's not
a Republican or Democratic.
It's one party
separated by abortion,
which is what I said in the very
beginning of the presentation.
The fight is not between the
Republicans and the Democrats,
between conservatives and
the liberals in Canada,
between the socialists and
the conservatives in England,
et cetera, et cetera.
It's between global, financial,
parasitical liberal order
on the one hand and
the industrial society.
So if you control this,
and you can control that,
it doesn't really matter
who runs the country.
It doesn't really
matter who, and what,
and how it's being legislated.
And it makes no difference
how the judiciary works,
because when you think of power,
we think of national policy.
And we'll think
of foreign policy,
but what you have
to understand--
there is another policy
called global policy.
Now, that global policy is not
run by presidents of countries.
It's not run by
senates, not overseen
by checks and
balances, committees.
It doesn't exist.
It's not even run
by these elite think
tanks, or the Bilderbergers,
or the Davos forum.
It doesn't matter, whatever
you want to call them.
They're run by what's
called global projects,
and this is what I want
to talk about right now.
We are at the stage right now
what you can call global 3.0.
A friend of mine,
Catherine Austin Fitts
former undersecretary for
housing with Bush father--
she has a wonderful
website called Solari.com.
I very strongly
suggest you visit it.
She talked about this
term, global 1.0, 2.0, 3.0.
Now, global 1.0 is the
period between Westphalia,
which is 1648 until
about the late 1960s,
or the 20th century.
That's nation-state republics,
constitutions, borders,
et cetera, et cetera.
Then in 1968, the
Bilderbergers, actually,
at the meeting in
Mont-Tremblant--
it's a little town on the
outskirts of Montreal.
They came up with a context--
with the idea called one
world company limited.
That's global 2.0--
corporations that
have more power than any
government on the planet.
We can talk about Goldman
Sachs, et cetera, et cetera.
And now we are the
period of global 3.0,
world of networking
post-industrial world.
So what does it mean.
It means that the
concept of nation state,
the concept of a nation
itself as a country
is no longer valid.
What we're seeing-- one of
the consequences of the global
economic collapse that
we're witnessing right now--
it may happen in
the next two months.
It may happen by the time the
2020 elections come around.
It may happen in
2020, but it's now.
It's right around the corner--
like literally
around the corner.
We're going to live to see it
in a very short period of time.
So the concept of a
country is now dead,
which means that you need to
come up with another concept,
and that concept
is regionalization
of global economies, where not
countries but economic regions
are going to try to work
together to survive.
And in fact, BRICS,
for example, which
was Brazil, Russia,
India, China, South
Africa, was the first attempt
to regionalize a global economy.
For a global economy
to work, a region
has to be between 300
and 500 million people.
So if you look at what a 300 to
500 million people region would
look like, for example, it would
be the United States, Canada,
parts of Mexico,
Australia, and New Zealand.
It'll be like a dollar region.
Maybe the rest of Latin America
would be the peso region,
for example.
There would be a European axis--
Paris, Berlin with
former French colonies
in Africa as the
natural resources base.
That will be another
region, and that
will be whatever they're
going to call it.
China is going to be
a separate region--
India.
Russia is going to
be divided literally
in half geographically
by the Ural Mountains,
where the western
Russia is going
to join Syria, the Balkan
countries, Iran, Turkey,
former Turkic Soviet
speaking republics.
The eastern part is going to
join the Koreas and Japan,
and then we're
left with England,
which is one of the main
reasons for Brexit--
is because they
understood very well
that it was a global collapse.
They have no future in
Europe, because Europe
has no future as a unit.
So they need to come up
with an alternative, which
is why leaving Europe--
they need a market,
and that market
was going to be the Arab world.
And what you're seeing
right now is an attempt
to redefine the global
regionalization of economies.
And we're seeing it
not only in England.
You're seeing it also
in Latin America.
You see it in Europe.
And a lot of this strife
that you're seeing globally
has to do with the need to
redefine-- not only come up
with a new language
to define what's
going to happen to us,
because you need a road map.
I said yesterday in
the panel history is--
answers the
question, who are we?
And meta history
answers the question,
what will become of us?
And to be able to
answer the question what
will become of us, we need a
road map to define that future.
And that road map can only
be reached conceptually,
not on a level of
president, not on a level
of the house or the senate,
not on the level of the Supreme
Court--
only conception.
And once we have the conceptual
understanding of reality,
then we can create an
ideology to define it.
And that's one of the reasons
why they're on Yalta two,
Bretton Woods two.
Call it whatever
you want to call it.
It's not really an
appropriate name,
because again, Yalta
was nations defining
the future of the world based on
the winners and losers of World
War II.
Here there are no countries.
It's just a model,
an economic model
that's on its deathbed
which needs to be refined.
And again, what's going
to happen, whether you're
talking about old money
fighting young money,
whether you're talking
about governments fighting
other governments,
or corporations
at war with each
other, what you're
going to have is redistribution
of this resource, which
is a financial resource.
So it means that, again,
we've gone from concept
of nation-state,
concept to one world
company limited, post-industrial
world, world of networking,
and now we are going
to regionalization
of the global economies.
And the next step after
that, which is, again,
right around the
corner, is the idea
of city-states, as we've
had in the Middle Ages,
and as we have today.
Vatican is a city-state.
Singapore is a city-state.
Venice is a city-state.
Monaco is a city-state.
And so the idea of--
and again, I'll talk about
it more in-depth from
the technological point of view,
what that means for the world
in the future-- for example,
by the end of the 21st century,
the biggest city in the world is
going to be Lagos in Nigeria--
75 million people,
because 70% of the growth
is in the developing world.
And most of it is in
Africa, and Middle East,
and Southeast Asia.
So these mega cities are going
to redefine the relationship
between people, between people
and robots, between people
and whatever it is
that we're going
to have with the surge of
technological advancement
and artificial intelligence.
Now, my point in this
is that behind all
these tectonic
transformational changes
are not countries, are not
people, are not Trumps,
or Queen of England,
but global projects.
Now, a global project is
defined by three elements-- one,
conceptual understanding
of the world--
one.
Two-- having a global
economic independent model.
And three-- global independent
intelligence apparatus.
And you kind of
look at the world.
You say, well, is Germany
in a global project?
No, they're not.
It's an occupied country
with over 50 bases--
American and other
European nations.
Did you know that?
There's over 50
bases in Germany.
Any independent-- do you have
any foreign bases in America?
You're not a free country,
because you control
via the financial
cartel, but you certainly
don't have any foreign bases.
Russia doesn't know
any foreign bases.
China doesn't have
So Germany doesn't have, in
that sense, the independence.
The same could be
said for Japan.
So if you're
looking at projects,
who are these projects?
So for example, one project
will be new Babylon.
We can call it that, or
you can say New York.
It's a liberal
banking, financier,
Wall Street centred project.
And it's a global project.
That's one project.
Another project
is new Jerusalem.
That's London.
And behind the new
Babylon project,
you have the banking cartels.
You have the Rockefellers.
You have the intelligence
apparatus-- all the people
who are against Trump.
London is you have the
Rothschilds, for example,
and the Queen of England.
That's the new
Jerusalem project.
Then another project
is great Europe.
That's the old landed
European aristocracy.
Again, we're going
back 1,000 years.
This is what's called
black international.
blood and soil.
Have you ever heard
that, blood and soil?
Blood and soil.
Now, what are the colors?
Again, because when you're
looking at the occult--
please understand,
when I say the occult,
I don't mean some wacky
conspiracy theory.
The esoteric element-- colors
play a big role in this.
Now, black-- blood and
soil is blood is red,
soil is black, right?
So if you look at
some of the structures
out there in the
past, what structures,
organizations have blood--
or black and red
in their colors?
>> Nazis.
>> The Nazis, excellent.
That's one.
And also the Jesuits, right?
Black and red, blood and soil.
So when you're looking
at black international,
this is the European
landed aristocracy.
This is the old--
really old money.
These people go
back 1,000 years.
So we have a round table, and
we have the Russians with Putin.
You have Xi Jinping, who are
representing yellow dragons.
You have Modi, who is, again,
one of the older clans,
going back about 1,000 years.
And then you have the chair
that says the United States.
Who sits there?
Trump is not a representative
of the United States,
not because he is--
doesn't control
America, which is very true.
He doesn't control America.
You have the media apparatus.
You have the
intelligence agencies.
Washington bureaucracy.
You have Wall Street.
You have Silicon Valley.
All these people
are against Trump,
and he can't control them,
which means he's not in control.
Trump is the face of
black international.
It is very important
to understand,
if you look at the things that
he does, Trump is not a person.
He is a project of one
part of the global elite.
When I say he's not
a project, I don't
mean he's a shapeshifter
from outer space.
Maybe he is.
I don't know, but conceptually
he is not a person.
He is a project, and he became
a project when, in 2016,
as a result of the collapse of
the global financial order--
or the Lehman Brothers a
few years earlier in 2008--
the people who lost World
War I and World War II--
let's call them the Rothschilds,
but it's not the Rothschilds.
Behind the Rothschilds,
you have other powers.
They suddenly realized that,
for the first time in about
100 years, they had a chance to
push their candidate through,
and that candidate
was Donald Trump.
The point I'm trying to
make is that the people who
pushed Trump's presidency
or his candidacy,
pushed him as a consequence
of over 100 years
not being able to
push their candidate,
because they lost World War
I. They lost World War II.
And after World War II, the
liberal banking financiers
controlled the entire Western
capitalist world economic model
and all the money.
So they had to sit very
quietly and wait their turn,
and their turn came after
the collapse in 2008.
So again, it's very
important to understand
that it's not between the
Republicans and the Democrats.
It's the liberal banking global
financial order on its deathbed
and the alternative
economic model
run by the isolationists
or the industrialists.
And Trump is their
representative
of this black international
blood and soil.
Another group is Eurasia
with capital in Moscow.
That's not Putin.
That's Eurasia.
That's the third
Genghis Khan horde.
So the first empire was
the Genghis Khan empire.
The second Genghis
Khan empire was
the union between the
Chinese and the Soviet Union
between 1950 and 1953 between
Stalin and Mao Zedong,
which was a carbon copy of
the first Genghis Khan empire.
Right now what we're seeing
with the Eurasian integration--
it's an attempt to recreate
the third horde, the recreation
of the Genghis Khan empire.
Another project is
China, the great union
called [? Datong ?] in China.
These are the yellow dragons.
And the final project,
before 2012, 2014,
it was the black caliphate,
the ISIS, the [? diers, ?]
the terrorists,
the Saudi Arabia.
They were working with
England in the sense
that England needed a market,
and they were going to use--
again, when I said London,
I said new Jerusalem.
They were going to use
ISIS terrorists to clear
that entire area
of the Asian world
for themselves, except
that they lost, right?
And they were no longer a
part of this global project.
And now we have a
new global project.
It's called red Sufi
[? Tariqati ?] project out
of turkey.
And so these are the
six global projects.
And so what we're
looking at right now
globally-- it's not
countries at war.
It's not people.
It's not about the billionaires
or the millionaires.
It's the people who have
been running all the--
the projects-- who have been
running this structure globally
for about 1,000 years.
And whether as countries
can agree to disagree,
diplomatically reach
some kind of detente,
global projects can't,
because globally,
from a conceptual point of
view, their version of history
absolutely is at war with all
the other global projects.
And so that's what
we're seeing right now,
and it's very important to
understand that everything
that you see happening, whether
it's in the United States,
whether it's in Europe--
you have to understand these are
the-- these tectonic movements
that are taking place
on the world stage.
And again, just to
summarize everything
I've said in one very short
sentence, think conceptually.
Don't take the information
that you're given as is.
Try to understand
and how it fits
into a bigger picture
from a point of view
that has nothing to
do with the dialectic
you're being fed by
the mainstream media.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]